{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 HOURS FOR MCM WEB DEVELOPMENT\
\
NOV 18, 2012. 
\b 1 hour
\b0 , research, orientation to website.  Considered wordpress vs. drupal for content management, decided upon Wordpress because so widely used.  Logged into website using Cyberduck.  Ready to edit. 12am-1am.\
\
Nov. 19, 2012 
\b 0.75 hour,
\b0  research into implementation of wordpress. 2:15-3pm\
		        
\b 3 hours
\b0 , more research into implemeentation of wordpress, e-mail to Janet for access 			to mysql database for sound.music.mcgill.ca.  Implementated css version 			successfully. E-mail sent to john with results.  Submission page still needs to be 			done. 12am-3am.\
\
Nov. 20, 2012 
\b 0.75 hour
\b0 , Made additional pages for site including submissions page.  No content 			yet.\
\
Nov. 20 2013 
\b 0.5 hour
\b0 , Meeting w/ Jon discussing current web content and changes that need to be 			made. 10:10-10:30am\
		       
\b 4 hours
\b0 , Implemented changes suggested by Jon during meeting, created github 			account for version control, organized contents using php to separate out header, 			sidebar, footer, and meta content from page content. Learning the php took about an 			hour, so we could just say 3 here: 1:30-5:30pm.\
}